Document site-credentials in Batch Changes (#20144)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/batch_changes/explanations/permissions_in_batch_changes.md

Non-admin users are unable to apply batch changes without configuring access tokens.

> **NOTE** that this fallback has been deprecated in Sourcegraph 3.27 and is due to be removed in Sourcegraph 3.29.

Reviewer: This might be worth a warning:

```suggestion
> WARNING: This fallback has been deprecated in Sourcegraph 3.27 and is due to be removed in Sourcegraph 3.29.
```
